#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   referencing
authlib==1.5.2
    # via confluent-kafka
avro==1.12.0
    # via confluent-kafka
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via confluent-kafka
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via edx-toggles
confluent-kafka[avro,schema-registry]==2.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
cryptography==45.0.2
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   pyjwt
    #   social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
django==4.2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-clearcache
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield2
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-ledger
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-clearcache==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-extensions==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via edx-rbac
django-object-actions==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via pymongo
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-auth-backends==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-django-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-rbac
edx-event-bus-kafka==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==3.0.0
    # via
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rbac==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via edx-event-bus-kafka
fastavro==1.11.1
    # via
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   openedx-events
getsmarter-api-clients==0.6.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via confluent-kafka
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via code-annotations
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
newrelic==10.12.0
    # via edx-django-utils
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==10.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   openedx-ledger
openedx-ledger==1.5.23
    # via -r requirements/base.in
packaging==25.0
    # via drf-yasg
pbr==6.1.1
    # via stevedore
ply==3.11
    # via djangoql
psutil==7.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pymongo==4.13.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-yasg
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-ledger
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
redis==6.1.0
    # via openedx-ledger
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   social-auth-core
rpds-py==0.25.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   openedx-ledger
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-rbac
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.6.1
    # via
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   referencing
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   requests

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
