#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpx
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
astroid==3.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   pylint-celery
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   referencing
authlib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
avro==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   tox
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-log
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-lint
click-log==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
code-annotations==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-toggles
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
confluent-kafka[avro,schema-registry]==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
coverage[toml]==7.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   authlib
    #   pyjwt
    #   secretstorage
    #   social-auth-core
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
dill==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   virtualenv
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-clearcache
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-log-request-id
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield2
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-ledger
    #   social-auth-app-django
django-clearcache==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-rbac
    #   edx-toggles
django-dynamic-fixture==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-extensions==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-filter==25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-log-request-id==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-model-utils==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
django-object-actions==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
django-test-migrations==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangoql==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
djangorestframework==3.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
docutils==0.21.2
    # via readme-renderer
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
drf-yasg==1.21.10
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-auth-backends==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-ccx-keys==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-django-release-util==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-django-utils==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   edx-toggles
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-events
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-drf-extensions==10.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-rbac
edx-event-bus-kafka==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-lint==5.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-rbac==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
edx-rest-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-toggles==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
factory-boy==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
faker==37.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   factory-boy
fastavro==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   openedx-events
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
getsmarter-api-clients==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
id==1.5.0
    # via twine
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/quality.in
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.1.0
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsonfield2==4.0.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
keyring==25.6.0
    # via twine
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
mysqlclient==2.2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
newrelic==10.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.21
    # via readme-renderer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openedx-events==10.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   openedx-ledger
openedx-ledger==1.5.20
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
    #   twine
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
ply==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   djangoql
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycodestyle==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   readme-renderer
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==3.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-celery==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-django==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-lint
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint-celery
    #   pylint-django
pymemcache==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pymongo==4.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pyproject-api==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-yasg
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   openedx-ledger
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   responses
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via twine
redis==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   id
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   responses
    #   social-auth-core
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   getsmarter-api-clients
    #   social-auth-core
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via twine
responses==0.25.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rich==14.0.0
    # via twine
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rules==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   openedx-ledger
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   edx-ccx-keys
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-lint
    #   edx-rbac
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
social-auth-core==4.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-auth-backends
    #   social-auth-app-django
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
tox==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
twine==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/quality.in
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   anyio
    #   django-test-migrations
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   faker
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
    #   responses
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   tox

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
